I've been brought in from
the Metropolitan Police
to lead the review
into the investigation
of the murder of Alice Monroe.
He had things entirely
under his control.
Which makes me just think
that this was not his first murder.
Go back to your review, Stella.
I don't want the two murders linked.
This is the third murder
in three months, Jim.
If we don't stop him,
he will kill again.
There's someone to see you, ma'am.
Rose Stagg, a friend
of Professor Reid Smith.
I spent years interviewing
the victims of rape.
I don't think anyone
ever felt worse after
talking to me about their experiences.
We have an e-fit from Rose Stagg.
Could he really look like that?
In his own mind, he...
believes he has the right
to decide who lives and who dies.
Peter?
No!
They've managed to lift a
partial print from the scissors.
We've run it through the
system and found a match.
Paul Spector.
Paul Spector?
Detective Sergeant Anderson.
I'm arresting you for the unlawful
imprisonment of Rose Stagg.
Sally-Ann Spector, I'm
arresting you on suspicion
of perverting the course of justice.
Open the door!
Katie...
- Get off!
- Calm down, you are under arrest.
- I need your car.
- What?
You heard me.
You know Paul Spector can go to prison
for the things you're saying?
We love each other.
- You love each other?
- Completely.
You asked if your husband was arrested
for having sex with a minor. He was not.
He was arrested initially
for the abduction and false
imprisonment of Rose Stagg.
He was subsequently further arrested
for a serious sexual assault.
And the murder of Joseph Brawley.
I'm bleeding.
What?
I'll talk to Stella.
No-one else.
When was your first attack?
Are there other victims
that we don't know about?
Victims before Fiona Gallagher?
No.
Fiona Gallagher was the first.
It's Eastwood, ma'am.
Go ahead.
Spector has come up with an offer.
When are you coming home?
Not for a while.
I've got work to do here.
Do you work for her?
Sort of.
There's nothing here...
There's no sign of Rose.
Go deeper, Stella.
There's clearly something
going on between you.
Let me give you some advice.
If you haven't done it yet, don't.
I've tasted both the
fantasy and the deed.
The fantasy is way more piquant.
Rose's car is here.
I repeat, Rose's car is here.
Jesus Christ, she's alive.
There's another individual
on the edge of the woods.
Er, someone we can't account for.
Shit.
- OK, don't move.
- Can that thing land?
We've got three men down here.
We need urgent medical backup.
I can't land. The trees are too dense.
Repeat, I can't land.
- Jesus Christ.
- The trees are too dense.
We're losing him!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
32-year-old male,
gunshot wounds to abdomen.
Breathing 35, pulse thready and 140.
BP un-recordable.
GCS nine, eyes two,
speech one, motor six.
Central and peripheral
veins are collapsed,
can't get venous cannulation.
We're trying intraosseous.
We're in.
IO successful.
0.5 litres saline being squeezed in.
You should know the patient
is in police custody.
He's fitting.
How long?
Two minutes.
What is it?
Man versus bullet, LUQ.
Doesn't sound too good.
BP unrecordable, palpable pulse,
GCS nine and falling.
We've cleared a space
in Resus One for him.
Draw up 100mg of ketamine and
100 milligrams of Sux, please.
We'll need phenylephrine,
ephedrine, atropine handy
and ten micrograms per millilitre of epi
- drawn up also as rescue drugs.
- OK, sure.
- Right, what's going on here?
- She's hypothermic,
core temp 28.2.
Paramedics got a line in
and I got some bloods from one I put in.
The junior doc did gas. PH is...
7.1. PaCO2 9.0 PA.
Base XS minus eight.
Lungs are good, though. What's her name?
- Rose Stagg.
- DC McNally.
She's the woman we've
been searching for.
Where was she found?
In a forest, in the boot of a car.
We think she was there
for at least four days.
That's why her CO2's up,
breathing her own recycled air.
Rose.
It's time to wake up, Rose.
I can smell pear drops.
- What are her ketones?
- 2.3.
We can't move her until
an ICU bed is ready
and her temp's going
in the right direction.
- Do you want the Bair Hugger?
- Aye. Set it to 38.
The FMO will need to see her
to process for rape evidence.
Not yet and not in here. We
need to stabilise her first.
Can I stay with her?
Things are about to get messy.
The gunshot wound that's coming in,
we think he's responsible for this.
She shouldn't catch sight of him.
Plus we need to avoid
cross-contamination of evidence.
Fine.
Just keep out of the way.
OK, everybody, listen to me.
I'm the Tsar. All questions to me,
all angst to me, all misery to me.
Fran is on airway, Nurse
Bronagh is anaesthetic buddy.
Daryl, you're on "C",
Nurse Ursula is runner,
just because she is.
Andrew, you're scribe.
Everyone happy?
Good.
Come on,
let's go.
OK, guys, our patient's here.
This is Paul, he's 32 years old.
He was in police
custody when he was shot.
Let's get him across.
OK, on my count.
Nice and easy. One, two, three.
Let's break the scoop, please.
Hit by a nine millimetre
police handgun from close range.
Two wounds to abdomen,
left upper quadrant.
Lateral wound I can feel the bullet.
The other is hosing and deep.
Can we get the Gendarmes
out of here, please.
We're going to need those clothes.
It was approximately 20
minutes before we got to him,
by which time he was
unresponsive, GCS 9,
and had lost a significant
amount of blood.
Breath sounds bilaterally,
heart sounds one and two, bit muffled.
He has an IO in the right tibia.
We've given him a litre of
warm saline in two boluses.
BP 70, systolic, pulse 136.
We couldn't get his
sats, he is too shut down.
Have you given him anything
else? Morphine? Transexamic?
Just the saline and
a gram of transexamic.
Excellent work, thank you.
OK, we're good.
OK, let's roll him in case
there's a bullet they
haven't told us about.
OK, on my count.
One, two, three. Roll.
No exit wound, nothing here.
- OK, roll him back.
- Grab his clothes first.
OK. One, two, three, roll.
BP 60 systolic, pulse 128 palp,
no radial.
Use the ambu bags. Help
him with his breaths.
And ultrasound him, please.
Gently, Fran.
No pneumothorax.
Daryl, any luck with
the bloods and line?
Here's blood.
Ursula, two units of House Red to start.
Cross match me six
units in the lab, please.
Good man, Daryl. Chop, chop now.
Hello.
How's he doing?
I don't know.
He's lost so much blood.
It looks like he's dying.
Tyler died at the scene.
I know.
I had Ged Green secure the
scene as per your instructions.
The Ombudsman's SIO is on her way.
Thank you.
The Ombudsman's Office will want
to conduct a full investigation
of the circumstances
surrounding the shooting.
Why Spector was there,
why Tyler was shot.
Well, Ferrington had no choice.
Tyler emerged from the woods firing.
I think the one round missed and
went into the police car and
then the next three rounds
hit Anderson and Spector.
I'm not sure of the
precise order of shots but I
am certain that Ferrington
only returned fire.
- The shooting was fully justified.
- How is Anderson?
I don't know.
We had to leave him at the scene.
A second rapid response
vehicle was on its way.
Has Spector's family been informed?
I'm not sure.
Well, make sure that they are.
What about Tom Stagg?
I think the, er, officers are
on their way to see him now.
And Rose?
Alive.
Are you in the car?
I'm on my way to HQ.
The Chief wants to see me.
Keep in touch.
Andrew, get on to the blood
bank, order four FFP, please.
Ursula needs a gram of transexamic.
We need anaesthesia!
And fast! Bleep the surgeons again!
None of their "we need a CT" shite.
He needs to go straight to theatre.
Have you got the O-neg up, Daryl?
- Yeah.
- He's vomiting.
Suction.
On my count, one, two, three. Roll.
And back, one, two, three.
He needs tubed. Let's go.
Bronagh, size 8.5 tube.
MAC four blade. You ready, Bronagh?
- One minute.
- Am I doing it?
- Unless you don't want to.
- He's hypertensive and puking.
Them's the breaks.
I'll bail you out if it goes to shite.
Can someone get a pillow for his head
before Fran knocks his teeth out?
- Will I do cricoid?
- Sure.
Get that other blood up, Daryl.
Sophie, you got squeezer drugs ready?
I've got ten mics per
millilitre of epinephrine,
100 mics per mill of phenylephrine,
ephedrine and glycopyrrolate.
The emergency box is ready.
Ketamine and Sux here.
Good. Is that blood up?
I've got a Green in his left foot.
- I'll stick the other unit through here.
- You happy, Daryl?
- Flushing well.
- OK, let's have quiet.
- Ready, Fran?
- Ready.
He's been pre-oxygenated.
End tidal CO2 ready.
Suction ready and under pillow.
Cuff checked, tube lubed.
Boogie handy. Ready.
BP 70, pulse 120. Sats now reading 93%.
50 milligrams ketamine in. 100 of Sux.
- He's fasciculating.
- Just wait.
It should pass.
Go now.
Give him 100 micrograms
of phenylephrine, Daryl.
Can you see the cords?
- I think I can...
- Is that a yes or a no?
It's a yes. Tube, please.
Feels good.
Cuff up.
You've got end tidal,
sats 90%. Check BP there.
Sophie, squeeze that blood in.
Daryl, listen to the lungs
and stop looking pretty.
Air entry in both axilla.
Cricoid off, please.
Bronagh, can you hold this?
It's 22 centimetres at lips.
Ursula, bag while I tie this in.
BP 50 systolic.
Give him 50 micrograms
of epi please, Daryl.
Right, let's get him on the vent.
Andrew, log the time.
Where's that bloody surgeon?!
Ah, Alex, good, right...
This one's superficial.
- Yeah, I can feel the bullet.
- Right.
- That one's gone deep.
- OK.
They're taking her up to the ICU, ma'am.
Rose... Rose.
You're safe now.
Everything's going to be OK.
You go with her. No
media, no photographs.
Yes, ma'am.
Gail,
could you go to my hotel room
and pick me up some clean clothes?
I need something comfortable and
- something to talk to the press in.
- Yes, ma'am.
I think I left some papers
out this morning in the rush...
- if you'd put them away?
- Yes, ma'am.
Thank you.
OK, let's move him, let's go!
Is your boss on his way?!
He's been fast-bleeped by theatre.
Sophie, can you squeeze that blood in?
It's hard to look at a systolic of 60.
- Thanks, Joe.
- All right.
- How is he?
- Dr O'Donnell,
we have another gunshot
wound here for you.
What is this? The '70s?
- Who are you exactly?
- Detective Superintendent Gibson.
Er, massive internal bleeding,
he's lost half his
blood volume at least.
Given where he was shot,
I'm guessing he needs
his spleen in a bucket.
- Will he live?
- Maybe.
So he's the Belfast Strangler?
Wow.
We need to keep him
under guard at all times.
Well, he's been given muscle relaxants
and he's on a ventilator.
He's going nowhere.
It's not the risk of escape,
really. It's for his own protection.
There are people that would harm
him if they could, and my aim is to
get him to court in one piece.
Right now, the aim is to
get him to survive theatre.
Right.
Your other gunshot wound
I think is a colleague.
- Look after him, please.
- Aye.
And you're backing
Gibson to stay in charge?
On balance?
Yes, sir.
No-one knows the case like her.
She's got her man, Rose is alive...
There's going to be a
media feeding frenzy.
Get an MLO on board as soon as you can
and keep Gibson away from the cameras.
I don't want her making
any direct statements,
conducting any interviews
while inquiries into her
handling of the case are ongoing.
Understood.
Spector's first appearance
was moved to tomorrow.
I'll contact the courts and let
them know he won't be appearing.
Keep the PPS up to speed too.
Yes, sir.
I can manage her, sir.
I promise that.
Detective Sergeant Anderson
has a gunshot wound
to the lateral aspect
of the distal end of his
humerus with what looks like
an exit wound just distal
to the antecubital fossa
on the ulnar flexor
aspect of his forearm.
He has some minor ooze around
the entry and exit sites
when taking the dressing down.
There's a lot of swelling
around the entrance wound,
probably a large haematoma.
- Do you have Mr Anderson's X-rays?
- Yeah.
No bony injury,
no retained metal by the looks of it.
- He can get an MRI.
- The earliest is tomorrow,
and that's with me pleading for it.
So far so good, Mr Anderson.
The X-ray reveals no fractures
and your pulses are intact.
Now let's see you bend this wrist back.
There but not great.
Make a fist
and open up your hand
spreading your fingers.
Good.
Can you feel me touch you there?
It feels odd.
Your function in your hand is good.
However, I am a little
worried about the radial nerve.
Where the bullet entered is not
exactly where the radial nerve lies,
but swelling can compress it and clearly
there is a lot of
swelling above the elbow.
Reassuringly, with encouragement
you can extend the wrist,
which is what the
radial nerve should do,
but the altered sensation
is a cause of concern.
So the plan is we'll clean the wound out
and scan it tomorrow.
How long will I be out of action for?
I really don't know.
We'll be in a better position
to judge tomorrow, post MRI.
Well, weeks, months? For ever? What?
I'm sorry. I really don't know.
All I can tell you is that
he was shot in police custody.
There's severe abdominal trauma.
He's in a critical condition
and undergoing emergency surgery.
There is a possibility that
he won't survive that surgery.
Shot by a police officer?
No, not a police officer.
I'm sorry, I can't
say any more than that.
Is that blood here yet?
Two units, O negative, just ready
through the rapid transfuser.
We're waiting on MTP.
Christ, 60 systolic before we start?
Drapes.
Give me a minute, before you open.
- His BP is in the toilet.
- More like 30 seconds, please.
Make me a syringe of adrenaline.
His pressure will bottom when
they open and decompress him.
Sister, would you ring the
blood bank and remind them
that Massive Transfusion
Protocol means now?
And would you call Mr King and
tell him I'd appreciate his help?
What's his pressure now? Can I start?
80 systolic. Only going to get worse.
- Yes, you can start.
- Scalpel.
Two swabs.
Suction, please.
Protractor.
It's a real, real mess here.
He's slowing, systolic dropping.
Where's that adrenaline?
He's cold. Let's push the fluids.
Turn up the heat in theatre, please.
There's another unit
ready for transfusion.
The six FFP are here.
Give him the unit and horse in
the FFP through that peripheral.
- Sister, would you squeeze that in?
- Packs.
We're losing here. BP and
pulse are the same. 40.
Where are we at, Miss Morton?
We need to get control here.
I can't see shit.
Pulse rate is dropping.
We're really struggling here.
Stop, stop, stop. There's
no pulse. Adrenaline, please.
Start CPR.
Peter?
Mother?
Daddy, look what I've found!
Peter!
Peter, come to me.
Peter.
Adrenaline is hitting.
So, he's back?
He's back. Carry on, Dr Morton.
His spleen is shattered.
I'm going to need a
second pair of hands here.
Any sign of Mr King?
He is scrubbing.
BP now 60 and pulse 56.
Time to act, we've got a window here.
- Spleen?
- Yeah, I think so.
Let's get it out and see
what else is going on.
Mobilise the spleen, please.
Scissors.
- That's just coming now.
- Good.
Clamp.
Watch the tail of the pancreas.
- Got it.
- Good.
Scissors.
Pressure rising 80 systolic,
pulse rising up at 72.
Tie.
Scissors.
Diathermy.
How are we getting on there, Adrian?
Systolic stable at 90,
pulse stable at 102.
He's on a trickle of norepinephrine.
He's still behind but pH 7.2,
lactate 4.5, though, that's improved.
He's still quite labile.
Temp is 34.8 degrees Celsius.
But he's making urine,
- 40 mills in the last 15 minutes.
- He's very oozy.
I think it's best to
pack him, warm him up.
We need to fix that acidosis
and get his co-ag sorted out.
I suggest putting him in ICU overnight
- and having a re-look laparotomy tomorrow?
- Agreed.
The hole's superficial.
I can actually feel the bullet.
Another trophy for the
forensic lab. Packs, please.
There's an ICU bed ready
whenever you're ready.
Medium soft. Do not unfold
them. Do not unfold them.
Big soft in my hand, please. Big soft.
Thank you.
Take the bad look off
him up in recovery. Yeah?
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Daddy's been in an accident.
What kind of accident?
A car accident.
- What car?
- I don't know. I think, um...
I don't know what car.
Where is he?
He's in hospital.
Can we go and see him?
The doctors are looking
after him now and
he needs his sleep.
Maybe tomorrow, if he's feeling better.
Where is he hurt?
I don't know. I think it's his tummy.
- I really want to see him.
- Well, you can't. Not tonight.
Olivia.
Olivia...
Hey.
Hi.
What have the doctors
said about your arm?
There could be some nerve damage.
May be the end of my career.
Really?
I'm sure it's not.
Why did you run to him?
What?
The both of us were shot,
but you ran to him, not me.
All your concern was for him.
I could see that his
injuries were worse.
And?
You were crying out, "We're losing him."
You sounded...
... anguished.
I didn't want it to end there.
Not like that.
No court case, no
sentence, no punishment.
No closure for the families.
I want him to live
so that he can be tried and sentenced
and spend the rest
of his life in prison.
If I sounded anguished...
... that's why.
I have your things, ma'am.
Thank you.
If you need somewhere to park yourself,
I have a room for you.
Thanks.
- You all right?
- Yeah, you?
Not brilliant.
He's had his spleen out
and his abdomen packed.
Didn't look as if
anything else was perf'ed,
but the surgeons want him
on co-amoxiclav and Flagyl.
They're having a relook tomorrow.
He's had a shed-load of
blood and products, though.
Four units of O-neg and
ten units cross match.
That's including the
two units hanging there.
He's had eight FFP
and a bag of platelets.
So, only twice his blood volume, then?
No expense spared.
Hey.
How's the Strangler doing?
I'm going up to see him in a minute.
I've been aware of what's going on
but I haven't really
been following it closely.
Some of my friends have been
really caught up in it all,
having alarms fitted and asking
random boyfriends to move in.
Well, luckily, you're a doctor
and therefore never at home.
True.
I hadn't really thought of myself
as being at risk in that way.
Then you look at the photographs and
you think, "They're just young women
living their lives like I live mine.
That could have been me."
One of my best buddies is
a doctor in the military.
Did several tours in Afghanistan.
In the field hospitals,
casualties are treated solely
on the basis of their clinical need.
Badly injured Taliban treated
ahead of British casualties
if their condition was more urgent.
Same here in the old days.
That didn't always
make him very popular.
In truth, it rather fucked him up.
But he'd still argue medical care
has to be delivered
according to clinical need
without discrimination.
If he was here, he'd
tell us it's our duty
to treat your man
humanely and protect them.
Even if he is a murdering bastard...
allegedly.
The press are gathering.
TV crews, all the main
channels, plus local TV,
print and radio journalists.
Quite a few web news sites too.
I think we have to go
with a live interview.
Have the victims'
families been informed?
Gallaghers, Kays, Monroes?
The announcement can't
come as a shock to them.
They have, ma'am, yes.
And Spector's family?
Yes, ma'am, they've been notified.
Right...
... three key points.
One, a man has been arrested
and has been charged.
Two...
- Stella.
- Sorry, sir, just one second.
Rose Stagg has been found and is alive.
Three, that the prisoner
was injured in police custody
and then something about his condition.
But beyond that,
investigations are ongoing.
I need to stop you there.
You won't be making the statement.
What?
The Chief Constable wants me to do it.
Am I still SIO?
Can you give us a second, please?
Martina,
it is really important that you monitor
all press coverage for
accuracy and interpretation.
Defence teams love to make allegations
about what's been said in the media,
particularly when misquoting facts
provided by the police.
Yes, ma'am.
Well?
Yes, you are.
For now.
I stood up for you, Stella.
So I should think.
I also told the Chief
that I could manage you.
I see.
Don't make this difficult for me.
Well, you might want
to straighten your tie
before you go on camera.
Tom Stagg is in the
ICU waiting room, ma'am.
Oh, thank you.
Would you ask DC McNally
to bring me my bags
- from the room I just changed in?
- Yes, ma'am.
Has the Belfast Strangler been caught?
That's the question tonight.
How is she?
Have you seen her?
I've seen her briefly.
I'm told she's stable, Tom.
Thank you.
Shall we go in and see her?
What's going on outside?
Is that all for Rose?
Don't worry about that now.
Come on, I'll take you in.
You're Rose's husband?
- Yes.
- Come this way.
Oh, my love.
Here he comes!
I am Assistant Chief Constable
Jim Burns and I have information
relating to the Operation
Music Man Task Force
and the serial murder investigations.
I wish to confirm that a
32-year-old Belfast male
has been arrested in
connection with the murders of
Sarah Kay, Fiona Gallagher, Alice
Parker Monroe and Joseph Brawley.
And also for the unlawful imprisonment
of Belfast radiologist Rose Stagg.
He was due to appear in court
in Belfast tomorrow morning
to face these and other
charges, but that is
no longer the case as he
has suffered serious injury
whilst in police custody.
- How did he come by those injuries?
- Why was he injured?
The victim of a gun attack.
His medical condition
is described as critical,
his injuries life-threatening.
Assistant Chief Constable,
how does a man get shot... ?
Who's he talking about?
- Don't do that!
- Katie.
His assailant was shot dead
by police in the incident...
It is Paul. Oh, my God!
I have to go to him!
- Katie, you can't!
- I have to see him.
- You're not allowed out!
- I don't care!
Katie, you're on bail, you're
not allowed out at night.
- Get out of my way!
- You're not allowed to see him!
- Katie!
- Where are the keys?
You locked me in!
You're not allowed out
of this house, I said!
- Fuck off!
- You're not allowed to see him!
- Get the fuck off me!
- I'm calling the police!
If you leave this house,
I'm calling the police.
I don't know what's happened to you.
Your father would be appalled
at what you've become.
I am pleased to say that
Rose Stagg has been found,
that she's alive and she's
in a stable condition.
I'd like to take this
opportunity to thank
Detective Superintendent Stella Gibson,
her team, and the public for
all their efforts in finding her.
- Where is Detective Superintendant Gibson?
- Why isn't she here?
- Won't she be making any statements?
- Detective Superintendant Gibson
is doing what she does best: policing.
I'm certain it's Paul.
He's been hurt.
How's he been shot? Who shot him?
I don't know.
The police, I suppose, I don't know.
He's in hospital.
He's where?
In the General Hospital, I think.
I really need you to go there,
- find out how he is.
- Me? Why? Why can't you?
You know why.
The fucking bail conditions!
- Why would they let me in?
- They wouldn't.
- They wouldn't let me in.
- You don't understand.
I think he might be dying.
What? It's really difficult to hear.
What do I... ? I don't know
what I'm supposed to do.
Daisy, are yous coming?
- Why are you being a bitch?
- What?
Why are you being a fucking bitch?
I'm not, I'm just saying.
I don't know what I'm supposed to...
_
Mummy.
- Yes?
- I can't sleep.
Have you tried?
Really, really hard.
It's because you've got your light on.
Can I get in with you?
I'm thirsty.
You've cleaned your teeth
so you can only have water.
OK.
_
She needs her rest now.
I've got something for you.
Nancy was desperate to come.
She sent you this.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Now, would you like me
to hang that up for you?
Has she spoken to you?
Has she told you anything?
Did he... ?
She's hardly said a word yet.
It's too soon.
She'll see the police
doctor in the morning
and we'll know more after that.
But she'll talk in her own time.
I can't bear to think of her
alone with him for all that time.
I can't bear to think of him...
- laying his hands on her.
- Tom,
try not to imagine things
that very probably didn't even occur.
I'm furious with myself for
not being there to protect her.
Lying on the sofa, headphones
on, for Christ's sake.
If I was in bed with her,
it would never have happened.
Tom, you don't know that.
It could have been far worse.
Look at what happened with Joe Brawley.
Why didn't she cry out?
Or scream?
Why didn't she fight him?
Why did she go with him?
- Tom...
- Do you know that Nancy
saw them crossing the
street together, arm in arm?
Tom, I need you to
listen to me right now.
Men always think in
terms of fight or flight.
In fact, the most
common instinct in the face
of this kind of threat is to freeze.
If she didn't fight,
if she didn't scream,
if she was silent and numb,
it's because she was petrified.
If she went with him quietly,
it's because she was afraid for her life
and not just her life,
yours,
and Nancy's, and the baby's.
In that state of fear,
she might well have been compliant...
... she might well have submitted...
... but that does not
mean she consented.
Tom, the way you behave...
... the way you approach your role
as Rose's helper...
... will either make her
experience better or worse.
If you react badly,
you will devastate her.
Or you can be...
a big part of her
healing and her recovery.
What she needs from you right
now is to know that she is safe,
to know that she's loved.
Be patient...
... be tender.
Tomorrow's another day.
You shouldn't be in here.
Please leave.
Is that you?
Thank God you're here.
I've been so worried.
Thank God you're safe.
Sweetheart...
I'm glad you've come.
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org